Release 1.26 (#739)
cdr/docs: admin/registries/azure.md

      "homeTenantId": "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx",
      "id": "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx",
      "isDefault": true,
      "managedByTenants": [],
      "name": "Microsoft Azure Sponsorship",
      "state": "Enabled",
      "tenantId": "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx",
      "user": {
         "assignedIdentityInfo": "MSIResource-/subscriptions/$SUBSCRIPTION_ID/resourcegroups/$RESOURCE_GROUP/providers/Microsoft.ManagedIdentity/userAssignedIdentities/$IDENTITY_NAME",
         "name": "userAssignedIdentity",
         "type": "servicePrincipal"
      }
   }
   ]
   ```

   If you see output similar to the above, then you have successfully configured
   AAD Pod Identity!

#### Troubleshooting

You can manually check that Coder is able to acquire a token from the Azure
Instance Metadata Service (IMDS) by running the following (be sure to replace
the variable `$CLIENTID` with the ID of the user-assigned entity you are using):

```shell
kubectl -n coder exec -it deployment/coderd -- curl 'http://169.254.169.254/metadata/identity/oauth2/token?api-version=2018-02-01&client_id=$CLIENTID&resource=https%3A%2F%2Fmanagement.azure.com' -H 'Metadata:true'
```

> If you receive an error similar to the following, try deleting and re-creating

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you receive an error similar to the following, try running the command
`kubectl rollout restart deployment coderd`:
```
